README.md, before:

## LEXPWatch - XP monitoring for Last Epoch ##

This is VERY much work-in-progress - sharing for feedback/ideas!

### What it Does ###
It monitors your Player.log/save slots and reports how much XP you're earning when playing and specifically in each 'area' you enter/leave

### Sample Output ###
This is a zone-change message

`2022-07-25 20:54:52 - EoT          - Thymp(78+46.6%) Earned 31601xp in 75.00secs @25280xp/min @1.0lvl/hr`

Character Thymp Level 78, 46.6% of the way to Level 79 - earned 21601 XP in the last area (EoT is 'End of Time' where I've just arrived) at the rates shown

This is an ongoing XP earned message (Work in Progress - suggestions welcome!)

`2022-07-25 20:54:52 Thymp 486028 802  2181671 xp/hr`

Character Thymp has earned 486028XP in 802 seconds which is 2181671xp/hr

*Note: This counts time spent in areas where you earned XP - it ignores time spent in hubs where no XP was earned*

### How it does it ###
Python Code - I've tried to avoid using external dependencies - I think it should 'just work'

It monitors "Player.log" which is updated each time you change zone - the zone names are internal mapnames but it's easy to see what they mean.

It also monitors your more recently updated Saveslot file (last character played?) to see if you've gained XP or Levels
|
### How to Use ###
Clone the repo and run lewatch.py - it runs forever, Ctrl-Break to halt it.

Output goes to console - redirect it to a file if you'd prefer!

I've included the path for Linux installs but I don't have a way to test that so feedback apprec on that too!

### Options ###
The first run will create 'settings.json' - that contains a few options

* ledir - the path to your Last Epoch save folder (Player.log file stored in there)
* zonedelay - how often to check for zone changes
* savedelay - how often to check your savefile 
* quitdelay - how often to check to see if the program ended (not currently implemented!)

Delay numbers should always be at least 1 (they're in seconds) - anything lower will waste CPU doing nothing...

### It's not working/I'd like different stats/Help! ###

I've deliberately not added a tonne of validation or error trapping - please report what you see via an Issue and I'll chase it down tho

Also feel-free to raise Issues with ideas or suggestions!!

Commit message:

Save log files per slot

README.md, after:

## LEXPWatch - Progress monitoring for Last Epoch ##

This is VERY much work-in-progress - sharing for feedback/ideas!

### What does it do? ###
It monitors how much XP you're earning over time and per-zone - it  also reports Stability gains from Monolith Echoes

### Sample Output ###
Zone-Change

`2022-08-02 13:02:45 - MrsStabby(80+35.9%) - M_M150       - 156004xp in 120secs = 78002xp/min 2.6lvl/hr  - Timeline: 9 Stability change from [233] to [266]`

Character "MrsStabby" Level 80 and 35.9% of the way to 81 earned 156004 XP in 120 seconds in area 'M_M150' (a Monolith Echo)
XP/min and lvl/hr are calculated 
Timeline Stability change is also reported

Ongoing XP earned (updated "live" as you're playing)

`MrsStabby(80+35.9%) -  5400138xp/hr 3.0lvl/hr`

*Note: This counts time spent in areas where you earned XP - it ignores time spent in hubs where no XP was earned*

### How do I run it? ###
You'll need Python (3.6 or higher) installed - Linux normally has it, it's pretty easy to install in Windows these days too!

Clone or download this repository (you only need the 3 .py files) and run "python lewatch.py"

Output goes to the console but also saved to "slot?.log" for each saveslot which has been monitored

### How does it work? ###
It monitors the "Player.log" file which is updated each time you change zone 

It also monitors your saveslot files to see if you've gained XP or Levels

### Options ###
First time you run it, it creates a file 'settings.json' which contains the default options

* ledir - the path to your Last Epoch save folder (Player.log file stored in there) - if it's not working, check this is correct!!
* zonedelay - how often to check for zone changes
* savedelay - how often to check your savefile 
* quitdelay - how often to check to see if the program ended (not currently implemented!)

Delay numbers should always be at least 1 (they're in seconds) - anything lower will thrash your CPU for no good reason...

### It's not working/I'd like different stats/Help! ###

Feel-free to raise Issues with ideas or suggestions and I'll try to help

Thanks for reading this far!
